Positive reviews:
26: My family loves to meet at Turning Point in Montgomeryville, PA for brunch. The restaurant is very bright and inviting. The manager and the whole staff make you feel very welcome. The food is so fresh and delicious, and tends to be on the healthy side. I would highly recommend this restaurant to anyone.
16: Went here over the weekend, got my sugar rush on with the salted caramel waffles. Awesome!!! Staff was happy and helpful, noticed that kids got a little cup of fruitloops if they were waiting for a table. That's a nice touch for families. The coffee was fantastic, parking was tough as the plaza is very congested. Good place!
17: This place is delicious. I like how to food is a twist on the classics. I love the vanilla chai tea latte they have, it's different and love the cute attention to detail with the sugar spoon. The lemon blueberry pancakes were good as well. The manager is very hands on and really seems to really know the business. I really needed my check and my waiter was tending to another table, the manager noticed and got me my check and packed my leftovers asap.
11: This place is conveniently located at English Village right next to the J Crew store. The decor is well done. It is low key and welcoming. Considering that it was Mother's Day, the service was great. They even had a large mug as a giveaway to all the mothers. Sadly the one we brought home had a crack when we took off the cellophane. Thankfully we don't need another mug.
3: The place is cute and the staff was very friendly. Nice menu. Good for brunch. We had lunch and were seated right away. I really enjoyed the avocado toast and side of bacon. Nice to have another brunch place nearby.
8: I went on a Thursday morning for breakfast. Staff was attentive and the omelette was excellent.
23: I was very impressed with Turning Point! My roommate had raved about it for so long, I was glad the North Wales location had finally opened so I could try it for myself. We sat outside since it was a nice day and the service was great, our waitress was very attentive and checked in on us repeatedly.
49: I've been here now twice for brunch and the food is amazing. I've seen other yelpers mention that the service is terrible, but I didn't experience that today. I ordered the chicken and waffles dish and so did my aunt that I was with. She cannot eat pork and we didn't realize there were bacon bits on top of the dish. Our server immediately got the manager and a new dish was made right away. I can't wait to come back for the french press coffee and more chicken and waffles!
76: Always an awesome experience here! Come here with my wife and we always leave full and satisfied with the service. She orders the avocado toast we get two of these and sometimes have eggs and a side. This is a great start to our Sunday mornings. We see other people order bowls and salads but we haven't upgraded to that just yet. This is our favorite place to go on a Sunday and sometimes we sit outside when its a nice day. But anywhere you sit is a great seat. The staff here is so welcoming and everything is very clean. Can't wait to come back with my friends and family.
97: Beautifully presented fresh food, great chili, and a very helpful server make this an easy place to like. We'll be back.

Negative reviews:
15: never coming back here again. all of the glasses had a crusty cloudy look to it. silver ware and coffee cups were all crusty and dirty. waiter spilled coffee all over our table and didnt bother cleaning it up. i ordered the green juice and on the rim of the glass cup it was covered with what looked like rolls of dust and particles. as i ask them to replace it, but instead they just wiped it with a napkin and gave it back to me with particles still covered around it. it looked like they stored the glasses in a very dusty dirty shelf or kept them on a dirty floor. i didnt bother drinking it nor will i come back to this filthy place again. there are flies everywhere in the resturant also.
20: So we live turning point. Warrington is great tho the wait is long. The new one in north wales is pure and simple- filthy. Floors full of food and crayons. Tables leave you walking out sticky like honey. Chairs all so dirty I'm afraid my pants will have stains on it when I stand up! Staff is great. Manager great. Get the cleanliness right and I'll be back for more!!!
6: When I was shown to my seat of was still wet so I had to use the napkin to finish the job. Place was full and service was poor.