Positive reviews:
23: I was very impressed with Turning Point! My roommate had raved about it for so long, I was glad the North Wales location had finally opened so I could try it for myself. The service was great, our waitress was very attentive and checked in on us repeatedly.

16: Went here over the weekend, got my sugar rush on with the salted caramel waffles. Awesome!!! Staff was happy and helpful, noticed that kids got a little cup of fruitloops if they were waiting for a table. That's a nice touch for families.

17: This place is delicious. I like how to food is a twist on the classics. The manager is very hands on and really seems to really know the business. I really needed my check and my waiter was tending to another table, the manager noticed and got me my check and packed my leftovers asap.

26: My family loves to meet at Turning Point in Montgomeryville, PA for brunch. The restaurant is very bright and inviting. The manager and the whole staff make you feel very welcome.

8: I went on a Thursday morning for breakfast. Staff was attentive and the omelette was excellent.

11: This place is conveniently located at English Village right next to the J Crew store. Considering that it was Mother's Day, the service was great.

3: The place is cute and the staff was very friendly. Nice menu. Good for brunch. We had lunch and were seated right away.

35: This place is delicious. My server was kind and attentive. Most importantly I didn't feel rushed despite being seated 20 minutes before closing and staying 20 minutes after.

49: I've been here now twice for brunch and the food is amazing. I've seen other yelpers mention that the service is terrible, but I didn't experience that today.

60: Fantastic meal! We didn't have to wait long and the service was spot on. Manager was quite friendly and it seems like the place is well run!

Negative reviews:
15: never coming back here again. all of the glasses had a crusty cloudy look to it. silver ware and coffee cups were all crusty and dirty. waiter spilled coffee all over our table and didnt bother cleaning it up.

10: The food better be good because the iced coffee is horrible, and the service is deplorable. Party of 3, sat at the counter when it wasn't overly busy. Waited about 10 minutes for beverages, and then another 15 just to order.

1: If you decide to eat here, just be aware it is going to take about 2 hours from beginning to end. We have just had too many experiences where we spent way too long waiting.

5: Mediocre at best. The service is poor. My mother and I waited over an hour to get our entrees and our server never apologized for the wait or came to check to see if we needed anything.

7: Food is fantastic, service is quite awful! It took us 10 minutes to have our server acknowledge us once we waited 35 minutes for a table.

12: "Who's in the kitchen and why can't they do their job?" Reviewed 2 days ago NEW. It took 45 minutes before our food was served! Out of 5 entrees there were 3 errors.

13: Hopefully they will find their way but this promising new breakfast/lunch joint is a disaster. After waiting well over an hour for a table our waitress forgot our drinks and the food that came out was not what we ordered.

14: Not Impressed at all. Ordered an omelette and bacon. The bacon was forgotten and never arrived. Food was dropped off and did not see server again.

19: Well, lots to say. Managers were busy making coffee drinks and totally ignoring the business. Tables were ready and set but empty. The "15 minute wait" became 30.

24: Excellent food but slow, slow, slow. Staff needs training. I don't know if it is worth it to return. Kudos to the chef.